W-15088597-runonce-se (#347)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/processautomation-deploy.adoc

When the tests are successful, transition to *Production* phase.

> The final phase in the life-cycle of a process is the *Production* phase. This phase is structured similarly to the *Test* phase. You create a process run configuration which is then executed at the click of a button or automatically at scheduled times. Or you create an invokable run configuration and publish it to Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final phase in the life cycle of a process is the *Production* phase. This phase is structured similarly to the *Test* phase. You create a process run configuration which is then executed at the click of a button or automatically at scheduled times. Or you create an invokable run configuration and publish it to Anypoint Exchange.
```

[[runconfig-execution-enabletaskbar]] If you want to watch the execution of the process in the *Process Streaming* view of the *Process Monitoring* module or if the process uses elements of the Windows operating system like the start menu or the task bar, check *Enable Taskbar (Start menu, taskbar buttons)*.
* *Process Trigger Execution*:
+

> The productive run is carried out continuously within a fixed schedule or just once on the click of a trigger button. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The productive run is carried out continuously within a fixed schedule or just once at the click of a trigger button. 
```

+

> [[run-once-tag]]If you want to run the process only once on each <<trigger-run-once, click of the trigger button>>, select *Manual Execution*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[run-once-tag]]If you want to run the process once on each <<trigger-run-once, click of the trigger button>>, select *Manual Execution*.
```

+
If you want to schedule the process run, consider and do the following:
+

> For each schedule, you can define time intervals within which the process is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each schedule, you can define time intervals to execute the process.
```

Author: Th process is executed continuously within the interval.

Author: -> Added 'continuously' to clarify.

. In the window *Select Configuration to deploy*, check all configurations you want to run.
. Click *Execute*.

[[trigger-run-once]]
=== Run a Configuration Once

> The configuration to run once must either be invocable or marked as <<run-once-tag, *Manual Execution*>>.

Reviewer: "invokable" or "invocable"? Please, use one spelling. Thanks!

Author: At the moment the product still uses invokable. Although it has been recommended to replace this with invocable.

To start the single process run:

. Open the *Process Management* view of the *Process Automation* module and click on the name of the category of your project.
. Click on the name of a project to open it.
. Click *Select action*.
. From the dropdown, select *Manual execution*.

> . In the window *Select Configuration to Manual execution*, check all configurations you want to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the window *Select Configuration to Manual execution*, check all configurations to run.
```
